all right I had a few drinks the other
night so I may not have remembered
telling you my first name but I
definitely did not tell you my last I'm
telling ya don't lie to me Hey look you
don't know me so I'm gonna let y'all
talk this time but trust me in the
future you'll be much happier if you
always tell me the truth way way way
i'll be happy yet well you don't think i
can make you happy if I wanted to I
wanted you to be the first to know after
me okay Derek repose was a two carat
diamond rings I gotta get my first
carrot to my third marriage Montana has
this single rose man you're not single
anymore it's nothing listen Charice
fiancé's taking us all out to dinner
tonight I'm borrowing those earrings I
bought you for Christmas oh yes honey
and firstly I've always been a great
believer in getting there on the day
putting my foot down and playing chicken
of everyone else but then I want me
doing not me more than what my body like
a temple in my mind like a monk what
about your soul your heart and they've
got ideas about that too they want me to
stop messing around settle down get
married with the next nice girl let me I
think it would be good for me I know for
fact those girls are playing outside
your RV you were driving his part is a
special day are you planning on taking
20 girls oh he done it before no did he
ask my coincide oh yes I'm come inside
the RV then you take him away no did you
put those girls somewhere yes come on
did you put those girls in one touch I
know you prob let's go somewhere
ah